added x-metrics pod monitor (#8)
upbound/configuration-observability-oss: README.md

Observability is a measure of how well platform performance can be inferred
from knowledge of its metrics, logs and traces outputs.

**Warning**
## Disclaimer: Management Cluster Resource Use
Prometheus and Grafana may require significant cluster resources in relation
to the amount of metrics scraped, processed and visualized. This may impact
cluster operations. Consult the respective Prometheus Operator and
Grafana documentation for set up guidance prior to using this configuration
on mission critical Crossplane management clusters.

**Warning**
## Disclaimer: Metric Stability
Crossplane has no concept of metric stability. This implies
that metrics used in this configuration may be absent in future versions
of Crossplane and / or its providers.

> 

Reviewer: These warning messages do not provide much direction and the language has negative connotation. Consider rewriting them. What is the goal of having them here?

Author: The goal is to guide users to keep their mission critical management clusters happily operational through proper Prometheus tuning. I'll come up with more positive wording.

## Purpose
The goal for configuration-observability-oss is to complement

> other configurations such as configuration-caas. See the

Reviewer: What is configuration-caas?

Author: configuration-caas is a plug and play configuration for cluster as a service.

Apply the resource claim as follows to re-create

> the namespace, Prometheus, Grafana and dependencies for further

Reviewer: why is the claim 're-creating' the ns, Prometheus, and Grafana?

Author: How about we offer a make cluster so that the workflow does not duplicate the installation after Uptest cleaned up its test setup? Users who want to run make e2e could do it purposefully as a separate step with or without pre-existing cluster.

Author: Added a make cluster option.

exploration. Note that the xmetrics configuration examples
rely on the CRDs to be installed through the oss composition
first.
```

> kubectl apply -f examples/oss.yaml

Reviewer: Is this claim installing x-metrics? If so, change the name. OSS is very generic, I would avoid using it.

Author: Would you recommend to not use oss.yaml for the claim name, even though x-metrics, prometheus and grafana are open source?

If so, which name would resonate with you?

```
Wait until xmetrics CRDs have been installed, then apply
the xmetrics configuration to see metrics flowing.
```
kubectl apply -f examples/xmetrics.yaml
```

> To load dashboards that are part of this configuration repository,
> please apply the following dashboard resource claims.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following command will apply all the dashboard resource claims located in the `dashboards` folder. Each claim will a respective Grafana dashboard.
```

```
kubectl apply -f examples/dashboards
```

> Use the following to forward localhost:9090 to the Prometheus pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the Prometheus dashboard, port-forward to the the Prometheus services on port 9090.
```

Author: Updated.

```

> kubectl -n operators port-forward prometheus-oss-kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-0 9090

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kubectl -n operators port-forward svc/kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus 9090:9090
```

```

> Use the following to forward localhost:3000 to the Grafana pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the Grafana dashboard, port-forward to the Grafana service on port 80.
```

Author: Updated
